1. **3** gets printed to the console because after the for loop stops running, the final value of the variable `i`, which is declared by `var`, is the length of the inputted array which is 3. Since `i` is declared with `var`, it can be accessed and called outside the for-loop block where it is declared, which is why it can be printed to the console by `console.log(i)` outside of the for loop.
2. **150** gets printed to the console because after the for loop stops running, the final value of the variable `discountedPrice`, which is declared by `var`, is the discounted value the last item of the inputted array which is 300. According to the calculations in the code for finding `discountedPrice`, `discountedPrice` would have a value of 150. Since `discountedPrice` is declared with `var`, it can be accessed and called outside the for-loop block where it is declared, which is why it can be printed to the console by `console.log(discountedPrice)` outside of the for loop.
3. **150** gets printed to the console because after the for loop stops running,  the final value of the variable `finalPrice`, which is declared by `var`, is the rounded whole number value of the discounted price which is also 150.`finalPrice` is declared with `var` in the same block, and being `var`, it can be printed to the console by `console.log(finalPrice)`.
4. The function will return the the value of the variable `discounted` which is an array made up of the discounted values of all items in the inputted array, `prices`, with the discounted values in `discounted` in the order of their corresponding positions in `prices`. Thus, as the input into the function is `discountPrices([100, 200, 300], .5)`, the array outputted would be [50, 100, 150].
5. At line 11, an error stating that `i` is not defined would be outputted into the console. This is because `i` is declared with `let` inside a for-loop block, and so, `i` would only be visible within that for-loop block, and not outside the block where line 11 is printing `i` to console.
6. Assuming that the program has been successful thus far: At line 12, an error stating that `discountedPrice` is not defined would be outputted into the console. This is because `discountedPrice` is declared with `let` inside a for-loop block, and so, `discountedPrice` would only be visible within that block.
7. Assuming that the program has been successful thus far: At line 13, the value of `finalPrice` which will be **150** is printed out into the console. `finalPrice` is a variable defined outside the for-loop block but within the same block as line 13 with `let`. and so it can be accessed by line 13 and have its value printed out into the console by line 13. `finalPrice` has the value of **150** because its value is changed within the for-loop block and at the very last loop of the for-loop final price is set the the rounded price of the discounted price of the last item in the inputted array which is 150.
8. The function will return the value of the variable `discounted` which is declared with `let` outside the for loop and in the same block as the return statement, `return discounted`. It is able to return it as the declaration of `discounted` is in the same block as the return statement. The value of `discounted` is the array [50, 100, 150] where each value corresponds to the discounted price of the value at its position in the inputted array. Each of these values were pushed into the array in the for-loop block.
9.  At line 11, there would be an error stating that `i` is not defined. This is because `i` is declared with `let` inside a for-loop block, and so, `i` would only be visible within that for-loop block, and not outside the block where line 11 is printing `i` to console.
10. At line 12, there would be an error stating that `discountedPrice` is not defined. This is because `discountedPrice` is declared with `const` inside a for-loop block, and so, `discountedPrice` would only be visible within that for-loop block, and not outside the block where line 12 is trying to print `discountedPrice` to console.
11. At line 13, there would be an error that appears stating that `finalPrice` cannot be assigned to a value at line 7. The is because `finalPrice` is declared with `const`, and it is therefore a constant variable which means that its value can not be reassigned. Since the value of `finalPrice` is attempted to be reassigned at line 7, an error is thrown.
12. The function will return the value of `discounted` which is the array [50, 100, 150]. `discounted` was declared as a `const` or constant, so that means its value can not be reassigned. The value of `discounted` was not reassigned at all, instead the current value of `discounted` was simplified modified with the push function. As a modification is not a reassignment, no error is thrown and the value of `discounted` is modified to become [50, 100, 150] which is what the function returns.
13. A. `student.name`  
    B. `student['Grad Year']`  
    C. `student.greeting()`  
    D. `student['Favorite Teacher'].name`  
    E. `student.courseLoad[0]`  
14. Arithmetic  
    A. **'32'** is outputted. This is because when `+` is applied to strings, it concatenates the strings. If any of the operands are a string when `+` is applied, then the others gets converted to a string as well. Thus, in the given `+` operation, `'3'+2` since `'3'` is a string, `2` gets converted into a string as well, and the two items get concatenated and the resulting output would be the string `'32'`.  
    B. **1** is outputted. This is `-` is a mathematical operation and doesn't have another use like `+` which is used for concatenating strings. Since `-` is only a mathematical operation, then inputting `'3' - 2` would convert `'3'` into its numeric value which is `3` and the resulting output would be `1`.  
    C. **3** is outputted. Since neither operand of the input `3 + null` is a string, the `+` that is applied would be the mathematical `+`. As a mathematical operation is taking place, `null` gets converted to its numeric value which is 0. So, the operation taking place is 3+0 which results in the output `3`.  
    D. **'3null'** is outputted. This is because for the input `'3' + null`, `'3'` is a string. As a string is present, `+` would concatenate the operands after converting the non-string operand into a string. Thus, null would become `'null'`, and the concatenation of the strings would result in the output string `'3null'`.  
    E. **4** is outputted. This is because neither operand of the input `true + 3` is a string. Thus, the mathematical `+` would be applied and so, `true` would be converted to its numeric value which is `1`. The resulting operation would then become 3+1 which results in the output `4`.  
    F. **0** is outputted. This is because neither operand of the input `false + null` is a tring. Thus, the mathematical operation of `+` would be applied, and `false` would be converted to its numeric value which is 0 and `null` will be converted to its numeric value which is 0. Thus, 0 + 0 would result in the output `0`.           
    G. **'3undefined'** is outputted. This is because `"3" + undefined` has a string which is `"3"`. Since there is a string, the plus operator `+` becomes an operator that concatenates strings. Thus, `undefined` would be converted to string "undefined" and the concatenation would result in the output of the string `'3undefined'`.  
    H. **NaN** is outputted. This is because the input `"3"-undefined` has the operator `-` which is only a mathematical operation. Since `-` is only a mathematical operation, both operatands of the input have to be converted to their numerical value. The numerical value of the string `"3"` is 3 but the numerical value of `undefined` is NaN, which stands for not a number. Since 3 cannot subtract something that isn't a number, trying to do so will result in an output that is not a number as well, and so the output is `NaN`.  
15. Comparison  
    A. **true** is outputted. The input `'2' > 1` is comparing two different types with `'2'` being a string and `1` being a number. Since the values are of different types, JavaScript converts the values to numbers so `'2'` becomes `2` and already being a number, `1` is `1`. Thus, checking if 2>1 returns `true` as the number 2 is greater than the number 1.  
    B. **false** is outputted. The input `'2'< '12'` is comparing two the two strings `'2'` and `'12'`. Since two strings are being compared, the first character of each string will be compared. The first character off `'2'` is 2 and the first character of `'12'` is 1. Since the value of 2 is greater than the value of 1 then the comparison that '2' is less than (<) '12' is disproved. Thus, `false` is outputted.  
    C. **true** is outputted. The input `2 == '2'` is regular equality check between values of two different types with `2` being a number and `'2'` being a string. Since there are two different types, the regular equality check, `==` converts the operands of different types to numbers. Thus, the number `2` remains number 2 while the string `'2'` is converted to the number 2. Thus, because of the regular equality chec, the input becomes 2 == 2 which is true as both operands being compared for equality are both the number 2. As a result, `true` is outputted.  
    D. **false** is outputted. The input `2 === '2'` has its operands being compared by a strict equality operator, `===`, which does not convert types. Since the two operands being compared by the strict equality operator and both operands are of different types with `2` being a number and `'2'` being a string, the strict equality operator would immediately return `false` as the operands being compared are different types.  
    E. **false** is outputted. The input `true == 2` is regular equality check between values of two different types with `true` being a boolean and `2` being a numer. Since there are two different types, the regular equality check, `==`m converts the operands of different types to numbers. Thus, the boolean `true` is converted to its numerical value which is 1 while the number `2` remains as number 2. Thus, because of the regular equality check, the input becomes 1 == 2 which is false as both operands, 1 and 2, being compared for equality are different numbers. As a result, `false` is outputted.  
    F. **true** is outputted. The input `true === Boolean(2)` has its operands being compared by a strict equality operator, `===`, which does not convert types. Since the two operands being compared by the strict equality operator are both booleans, the operator `===` can move on to comparing the value of the two operands. The boolean `true` is just the boolean true and `Boolean(2)` is also the boolean true as it does not contain a value within the paranthesis that is intuitively empty. Since both booleans on either side of the operator `===` is true, or true === true, then `true` is outputted.
16. `==` is for regular equality check whereas `===` is for strict equality check. The difference between the two is that if the two items being compared are of different types, `==` will convert the items to numbers while `===` will return false and completely reject the items as they are not strictly the same since they do not have the same types.
17. **How are you?** gets printed. Walking through the code, the first if block and its condition is `if(2 == true)`. The condition `2 == true` is false as we have shown in response 15E (because true gets converted to its numeric value of 1 which isn't the same as the number 2). Since the condition `2 == true` is false, we can skip over the if-block and move onto the else if block. The else if block begins as follows with the following condition `else if (2)`. The `2` which is the condition for the else if block can be considered to be `Boolean(2)` as conditions of if/else if statements should be boolean. As explained in 15F, `Boolean(2)` is true as 2 is not a value that is intuitively empty. Thus, since the condition of `2` for `else if (2)` is true, the else if block can be entered. Entering the else if block, the line `console.log('How are you?')` gets ran, printing the line "How are you?" into the console. After that line runs, the else if block ends. Having already ran else if block, the final else block gets skipped. Thus, "How are you?" gets printed in the code snippet given for the reasoning/explanation above.
18. Look at [part1-question18.js](part1-question18.js) 
19. **[6, 8, 10]** would be the array returned by calling `modifyArray([1,2,3], doSomething)`. When `modifyArray([1,2,3], doSomething)` is called, a new array is initiated. A for loop then runs through each item of the inputted array [1,2,3] and pushes the value returned from calling `callback(array[i], function(x){return x*2;})`. As the function `doSomething` was the what was passed in for the parameter for `modifyArray` named `callback`. Then `callback(array[i], function(x){return x*2;})` basically translates to `doSomething(array[i], function(x){return x*2;})` which returns `callback(num + 2)`. As the function `doSomething` was defined with the parameters: `doSomething(num, callback)`, then that means the `num` is the value `array[i]` and callback is the function `function(x){return x*2;})`. Thus `callback(num + 2)` translates to `function(num + 2){return (num+2)*2})`. Since `num` is pretty much `arr[i]` as explained above, we can even go further to get `function(arr[i] + 2){return (arr[i]+2)*2})`. The value returned by this function is thus the value that will be finally be pushed onto our newly initiated array. looking at the return value of this function which is `(arr[i]+2)*2`, it can be deduced that the newly added values to our newly initiated array will be 2 added to the value at the corresponding index multiplied by 2. After the end of the for loop is reached, the inputted list will have been completely gone over and the calculations appled its values will have been added to the newly initiated list. The new list then gets returned. As the new list consists of the values of the old list with 2 added to those values then multiplying that sum by 2, the new list returned will be [6, 8, 10].
20. Look at [part1-question20.js](part1-question20.js)
21. 1  
    4  
    3  
    2  
